block dialogue
(BG: Witch’s House Day)
(sfx here:)
Show m 0
m "Enjoying yourself?"
Show h 3
h "I-  I'm sorry! I didn't mean to-"
"I stammer out an apology, but she brushes it aside with a loose wave of her hand."
Exp h 0
m "No, it's fine. I just wasn't expecting you to be so interested in the alchemical arts."
m "Tell you what, why don't I show you around properly sometime?"
h "Well, I... don't want to be a bother."
m "No, I'd be happy to do it. But, for now, I'd like to get some work done, if that's alright."
"Mary strides across the room towards me. It's only now that I really notice how tall she is."
h "I'm sorry. I should have asked for permission first."
m "Please, don't be. I don't mind."
(sfx here:)
She reaches out and pushes the cupboard door shut.
m "Now, do you need any help getting back to your room?"
h "No, I can manage on my own."
Exp m 1
m "That's wonderful!"
Hide m
"I give her a hurried nod, and pace out of the room."
"I move as carefully as I can, to make sure she doesn't see the small grey book I have held by my side."
"For some reason, I just couldn't bring myself to let go of it."
Hide h 1.0
Fade 2.0

Block dialogue2
(BG: That Night)
Unfade 1.0
(music here:)
Pause 3.0
(BG: Witch’s House Night)
Show h 0
"The small grey book I took from Mary's cupboard turns out to be far more engrossing than I had expected.
"I stay up reading through it until the sky outside starts getting dark."
"According to the signature on the first page, this book is a collection of Mary's own notes.
"A lot of it is completely indecipherable to me - notes written in shorthand or in code, elaborate recipes with no mention as to what they create."
"All the same, I find myself eagerly flicking through detailed diagrams of flowers, and descriptions of strange and fascinating ingredients."
"Several of the passages are written in diary format, and one section that catches my attention in particular begins about halfway through the notebook."
n "As Marquis Elerra once wrote, "despite the seemingly endless advance of alchemical principles, a strong heart invariably trumps best practices"."
(sfx - page turn:)
n "It is something I have observed several times during my work as a doctor."
n "Patients who strongly wish to recover, and have a clear picture of what recovery will look like for them, will often recover twice as fast as those who don't."
n "I have even seen people slip from this mortal coil with no cause other than emotional fatigue. The heart has power over the body's shell."
(sfx - page turn:)
n "All potions and rituals that I have discovered have a specific, targeted effect, usually based on the properties of the ingredients."
n "What if I were to develop a concoction that could properly harness the potential of the mind's power over the body?"
n "That could allow someone to reshape their form as they wished?"
n "It would be akin to the discovery of an organic philosopher's stone!"
n "It sounds absurd, I know. But I stand at the precipice of centuries of discovery in the alchemical arts!"
(sfx - page turn)
n "The sages in their gleaming towers have made their voices clear - biological alchemy is the realm of madmen."
n "The practice is meant for "transmutation" and "industry", and nothing more."
n "But they have no eyes on the ground. What they don't know won't hurt them."
(sfx - page turn)
"I turn the page, and see what looks like a recipe, a dozen ingredients measured to exact amounts."
"Beneath them all, three words are written, in calm, forceful handwriting."
n "Result -Nausea. Failure."
(sfx - page turn)
"I turn the page again, and find another recipe, even longer, and another result."
n "Reddening of eyes. Failure."
"I flip through the notebook, past dozens of recipes, each more complicated than the last."
(sfx - page turn)
n "Heartburn. Failure."
(sfx - page turn)
n "Temporary Paralyis. Failure."
(sfx - page turn)
n "Mental Degradation. Failure."
(sfx - page turn)
n "Loss of eyesight. Failure."
(sfx - page turn) (am I spamming it too much lol) (You do what you want here)
n "Loss of motor control. Failure."
"As I continue, the recipes start to get shorter again, less precise, the handwriting shakier."
"Entire pages have been dedicated to elaborate rants, or covered in ink, or ripped right out of the notebook."
"Eventually, I find it. The last recipe."
(sfx - page turn)
n "All following procedure must be done during the night of a half-moon or the day directly following it. "
n "Use a mortar and pestle to mix together a paste of Hemlock, Arum Lily, St John's Wort, and Lavender."
n "The exact quantity doesn't matter, but the proportions should be roughly even. Apply that paste evenly to the surface of a bezoar."
n "Allow the bezoar to soak for a few minutes in a bowl of warm water, then remove it."
n "A small amount of sediment should have formed at the bottom of the bowl. This is your mixture, ready for consumption."
n "Result - Success."
"I close the book, my heart pounding. Could it really work? A potion that lets you change your body to whatever your heart desires?"
"Could it change my face? Would it be permanent?"
"For a while, my mind runs wild with the possibilities. I could change my face and my name."
"I could move to another country, to the other side of the world. I could escape, from the Duke, and even from Mary."
"She hasn't done anything to hurt me yet, but I know deep down that it's only a matter of time."
"Even my parents abandoned me. She won't be any different."
(sfx here:)
"My thoughts are interrupted by what sounds like a crash coming from the other room."
"Gingerly, I ease myself onto my wounded leg and pace over the door. I open it a crack and peer through."
(music here:)
h "Mary? Are you alright?"
"The room is dark, the only illumination coming from a single log burning away in the fireplace."
"I can see Mary's silhouette, huddled at the very edge of the darkness, completely still."
h "Mary?"
Show m 2
m "I'm alright, dear. You should go back to bed."
"Her voice sounds dry and raspy. I take a step forward."
h "Are you sure? I thought I heard a crash."
m "Please, don't worry about me."
(sfx here:)
"She moves backwards slightly, dragging herself along the floor, further into the shadows."
"My eyes are starting to adjust to the darkness, though, and I can almost make out her face..."
h "I actually had something I wanted to ask you. It was..."
(sfx - I guess it could be a metaphorical crash or loud note? idk)
m "GET OUT OF HERE!"
Exp h 3
"I jolt backwards."
m "I- I'm sorry, dear, I've had a very tiring day. Can we talk about it in the morning?"
Timehide m 1.0
(sfx:)
"I nod furtively, and hurry back to my bedroom, closing the door behind me as firmly as I can."
"That night, I don't get much sleep. I can't stop thinking about what I saw in the darkness."
"Mary's face hadn't moved an inch. She hadn't even looked like she was breathing."
"Her skin, pale as marble, was covered in hairline cracks. Her lips were painted cherry-red, smooth as stone."
"And her eyes were empty, gaping holes."
Timehide h 1.0
Fade 2.0
