Block dialogue
Rename m ???
(BG: Day 1)
Unfade 0
(music here:)
Pause 3.0
(BG: Witch’s House Day)
Show h 0
"The warm light of the morning sun plays across my face, filtered through a dozen layers of dust and cobwebs.{wc}I sit up and blink a few times, making sure that I'm still alive. Then, the pain in my leg flares up, and my thoughts scatter."
Slidein m 6 -1
m "Good morning."
"The woman who saved me yesterday is sitting by the bed, her hands steepled. She looks like she's been sitting there for a long time."

(CHOICE:)
(1. "Good morning.")
(2. "Who are you?")

Block choice 1-1
h "{i}Good... morning.{/i}"
"I croak out the words, my throat as dry as a desert."
Exp m 0
m "Oh, don't overexert yourself. Here."

Block choice 1-2
h "{i}Who... are you?{/i}"
"I croak out the words, my throat as dry as a desert."
Exp m 0
m "Oh, we can go through that later. For now, you just take it easy."
m "Here."

Block after choice 1
"She picks up a clay bowl filled to the brim with pure, clear water, and hands it to me.{wc}I gulp it down greedily, letting the water spill from the corner of my mouth and down my cheeks."
m "I was starting to worry you might never wake up."
(sfx here:)
"I lean forwards to return the bowl, but as I shift my wounded leg, it erupts in red-hot pain."
"In what feels like slow motion, I watch as my bowl tumbles from my hands and crashes against the floor, where it shatters into a thousand pieces."
h "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to..."
"But my words trail off. The woman had barely reacted to the noise. She hadn't even flinched."
m "It's alright. I have more bowls. More importantly, how's your leg doing?"
(sfx here:)
"I shift aside the flax sheet. Beneath it, my leg has been wrapped in several layers of bandages, stained slightly red by my blood.{wc}The sight is enough to make me feel queasy."
h "Urgh."
"The woman chuckles, her voice clear as crystal."
m "I suppose it can't be that bad, then. I did my best to clean the wound, but it'll take some time to heal."
m "You should spend as much time as possible in bed for the next few days."
h "Where... am I?"
m "In my guest bedroom. Don't worry, I don't have any use for it, as you can probably tell by the clutter."
m "Feel free to stay as long as you need."
h "Thank you. I..."
"My mouth moves, but the words refuse to form. My head feels like its stuffed with cottons. Thoughts drift away from me."
m "Oh, you're probably still very tired. I'll let you rest."
h "Wait..."
Exp m 6
m "We can talk more at noon, if you're awake then."
"She stands up to leave, and I try to sit up, but my body feels as heavy as marble.{wc}With one hand, I clutch at her dress, and force my lips to move."
h "What happened yesterday?"
m "Oh, you mean, what I did to scare those men away?"
Exp m 0
"She smiles at me, but there is something deeply sad in her eyes."
m "I threatened to curse them. That was all I did."
m "Apparently, my reputation precedes me."
h "Can you... curse someone?"
m "Don't be silly, dear. Curses aren't real. Now, you should get some sleep."
Slideout m -1
"She deftly extricates herself from my grip and leaves the room, as I sink back into the bed."
Fade 1.0
"A stupor descends over me until the whole world is cloaked in fog. Sleep comes not long after."
"When I do eventually wake, the sun is high in the sky overhead, and my stomach is growling."
Unfade 1.0
Exp h 1
h "{i}Miss!{/i}"
Exp h 0
"A few seconds after I call out, I hear her bustling through the house towards me."
"I prop myself up by one arm as she enters the room."
Slidein m 6 -1 
m "What is it, dear?"
h "Um... you said, that when I woke up, um..."
Exp m 0
m "Oh, you must be terribly hungry. I'll go and set the table."
(sfx here:)
"She leaves, then returns a few minutes later, carrying with her a chair. She sets it down by my bedside, then gestures to it."
m "Go on, get on. I'll take you to the table."
h "S-sure."
(sfx here:)
"It takes some effort and some pain, but I manage to pull myself out of the bed and onto the chair."
"Then, the woman reaches one arm around the back of the chair and one arm beneath it."
"With a grunt of exertion, she picks the chair fully up off the ground, and me along with it."
"As she carries me along, barely even slowing her stride, I am reminded of some of my earliest memories.{wc}I almost feel like a little girl again, being carried along by my mother.{wc}The experience is a bit uncomfortable, but at the same time, somewhat reassuring."
"Eventually, she sets me down at the table, and takes her seat across from me."
(sfx here:)
m "Dig in."
h "Thank you."
"A simple meal has been set out on the table - a loaf of bread, a chunk of cheese and a pitcher of milk."
m "Do you have a name?"
h "Hazel."
"I take a few bites of the cheese, savouring its sharp tang."
Rename m Mary
m "It's lovely to meet you, Hazel. I'm Mary."
h "Um, i-if I may..."
m "Please, go ahead. You don't have to watch your words around me."
h "Why did you ask if I had a name?"
m "I've treated a few girls in situations like yours before. Not all of them were given the luxury."
"She settles back in her chair, and I swear I hear a faint click."
m "That duke... if I {i}could{/i} curse people, he would be first on the list."
(sfx here:)
"I feel myself seize up for a moment, and the knife falls from my grip, clattering against the table."
Exp h 3
h "I'm sorry!"
"I snatch the knife and return to my meal, eating carefully to make as little noise as possible.{wc}Mary watches me for a while, then lets out a tired sigh."
Exp m 6
m "You don't have anything to apologise for, girl. It hurts my heart to see you scared."
Exp h 0
h "Well, e-even if you say that, I would still rather-"
"Mary reaches out across the table and places her hand on mine. I recoil from her touch at first, but she doesn't take it any further.{wc}Her skin feels smooth, and cool to the touch, like glass or ceramic, only softer."
m "I give you permission to be loud, to be rude, to be obstructive."
m "You don't have to be scared of being yourself around me. Okay?"
Exp h 2
h "... Thank you."
m "Good."
m "I do, however, have a few requests that I ask you to follow, during your time here."
Exp h 0
"I unconsciously brace myself."
m "Please, never enter my work room while I'm working. I spend a lot of time working with dangerous substances and sharp tools."
m "A small distraction from you could mean serious injury for me. Okay?"
"I nod."
m "Well, I always lock the door, so you don't have to worry too much about that."
m "But, even if the door is unlocked, make sure to call out first, okay?"
h "Yes, miss."
m "Please, you don't have to call me "{i}miss{\i}". I'm not that old."
h "... sorry."
m "It's alright. Now, as to the other request..."
"Her hand moves again, and our fingers interlink, clasped together."
m "You're free to leave whenever you wish, of course, but please don't do so without telling me first."
m "I would be so worried that something had happened to you."
h "Of course."
Exp m 1
"Mary pulls her hand from mine, and clasps her hands together."
m "Great! Isn't it nice to have that all sorted out?"
Exp m 0
"Silence settles between us for a while as I return to my meal, Mary watching on happily."
h "Um, if you don't mind me asking, you mentioned your work. What sort of work is it?"
Exp m 6
m "Oh, it's nothing that impressive."
m "I make medicines - remedies, poultices, that sort of thing. I usually go down to the village once a week to trade them for food and supplies."
m "That cheese you're eating now was a gift from Old Man Jenkins for curing his son's fever."
h "And that village... how far away is it, exactly?"
Exp m 0
Mary smiles at me again, but it seems hollower this time.
m "If you're worried about someone finding you here, don't be. I haven't had a single visitor in ten years."
Exp h 3
h "I'm sorry, but you just don't {i}know{/i} the Duke like I do!"
h "If he wants to find me, then nothing will stop him. Not even the gates of hell."
"Mary rests one hand on my shoulder, and stares straight into my eyes."
Exp h 0
m "If he does come here, I'll deal with him myself."
m "After all, you saw how scared of me his men were. They wouldn’t dare come anywhere near this house, even if they knew you were here."
h "I... I suppose."
"Still not entirely convinced, I continue eating in silence, until I hear a noise coming from underneath the table.{wc}I crane my neck to peer at the floor, and see a furry black silhouette brush past my legs, purring softly."
h "You have a cat?"
m "Oh, no. I don't have Helena. She just likes this house."
m "She's a proper wild cat."
(sfx here:)
"Mary reaches under the table, and I hear a happy purr."
m "See?"
"I chuckle, and continue eating, until I've finished my meal.
"A few times, I wonder why Mary hasn't eaten a single bite in the entire time she's been sitting with me.{wc}The question seems too rude to ask out loud."
"Once I'm done, Mary stands up, her dress billowing around her rigid form."
m "So? How was the meal?"

(CHOICE:)
(1. "It was good.")
(2. "I've never had such a wonderful meal before.")

Block choice 2-1
h "It was good."
m "Thank you!"
"Once again, her face had barely moved, but her voice is clearly overjoyed."

Block choice 2-2
h "I've never had such a wonderful meal before."
m "You..."
Exp m 6
"Mary looks away bashfully."
m "You don't have to pretend for my sake, you know..."
h "I meant it."
Exp m 0
m "Oh, you."

Block after choice 2
m "Unfortunately, I do have an appointment I need to attend to today."
"I'll only be gone a few hours, though, so don't worry. Do you want me to move you back to your bedroom?"
h "Oh, no, I'm alright here."
m "Alright. Your leg should be mostly healed by now, but don't overdo it, okay?"
Slideout m -1
(sfx here:)
"Mary bustles through the house for a while, gathering up items into a satchel, then she steps out of the door, and I am completely alone."
"For some time, I sit at the table, enjoying the feeling of the sun on my face, taking occasional sips of the leftover milk.{wc}Eventually, though, I grow tired of waiting for something to happen, and ease myself slowly onto my feet.{wc}I have to lean on furniture to keep myself steady, but I am able to move on my own."
"The house only has a few rooms. The main room, a small kitchen, my bedroom and another bedroom, presumably Mary's.{wc}I resist the urge to collapse onto her plush double bed.{wc}At the back of the main room is a thick wooden door, cut from the gnarled wood of an aged tree.{wc}It's an imposing sight."
"I push the door open and step into the room, curiosity overtaking me. Surrounded by so many fascinating sights, how could I resist?"
Timehide h 1.0
