Block dialogue
(BG: Day 7)
Unfade 1.0
Pause 3.0
(BG: Witch's House Day)
Rename d ???
(sfx here:)
(peaceful music:)

"When I wake up, the sun is bright, the sky is blue, and the birds are singing. It's a beautiful day.{wc}I groggily pull myself out of bed and stumble into the hall. Once again, I find the house empty."

"There is a note left on the table, in shaky, unconfident handwriting, next to a loaf of bread and a few apples."

note: I don't think I should be around you any more. I don't know when I'll be back. I'm so sorry. —M

"I take a bite out of one of the apples, savouring its bitter taste. Then I get to work."

"Mary was in the workroom all of last night, so I couldn't use it, but last night was a half-moon.{wc}Today will be my only chance to prepare the potion for the next month."

"I enter the workroom and retrieve the bezoar from its hiding place, then lay out all of my ingredients.{wc}Hemlock, Arum Lily, St John's Wort, and Lavender. Mixing the paste takes a while, as does preparing the water."

"It takes some searching through the kitchen to find a bowl, and then I have to trace my path back to the stream.{wc}Then, I use a tinderbox to get the fireplace going, and hold the bowl at arm's length over it until it feels warm enough."

"From there, I follow the instructions to the letter - apply the paste to the bezoar, let it soak in the water for a few minutes, and collect the sediment.{wc}I scrape it up into a small glass vial, no bigger than my pinky finger, cork the vial, and tuck it into my pocket."

"I am suddenly overcome with hesitation. That's it, right?{wc}All I have to do now is drink the potion, and no-one from my past life - or my current one - will ever be able to find me again.{wc}I will be free at last."

"Shaking slightly, I raise the potion to my lips and steel myself, when I suddenly hear a noise, outside the door.{wc}Panicking, I quickly cork the vial and stuff it back in my pocket, when the door bursts open."

Slidein m 0 -1

(CH: Mary enters, right)
(Her sprite is back to its original, undamaged state)

m "Hazel!"

"I realise for the first time that she isn't wearing her eyepatch. In fact, her eye is completely healed.{wc}For a moment, my neck twinges with a dull pain."

Slidein h 0 1

h "Yes?"

Exp m 6

m "I'm sorry!"

"She reaches out and takes my hand, but when I recoil from her touch, she shrinks back."

m "... I mean it, I really do."

m "I thought I needed some time to think, but I was just trying to avoid this conversation. I don't want you to hate me."

m "But maybe you should. The things I've done, the people I've hurt, the people I've abandoned. I don't deserve forgiveness any more."

m "And here I am, trying to run away again. Like I've done so many times before."

m "If you give me a chance, just one more chance, then I'll do everything I can to make it up to you. I swear I'll never hurt you again."

m "Can you do that? Give me one more chance?"

(sfx here:)

"I open my mouth to give her my answer, when I suddenly hear the distinctive sound of someone knocking the house's front door.{wc}We both freeze."

Exp h 3

h "Who is that?"

m "I don't know!"

(If this looks ass, use "Timehide h 1.0" instead)
Slideout m -1
Slideout h -1
(sfx here:)
(tense music:)

"The knocking repeats, louder now. I move closer to the front door, my nerves on edge."

d "Haaazel! I know you're in there! Come out now and we can settle this peacefully!"

"My blood freezes. I know that voice."

d "Alright, I didn't want to do this, but you leave me no choice. Reginald!"

(sfx here:)

"There is a crash, and a shower of splinters as an axe tears into the door, breaking through the latch. The door swings open."

Slidein d 0 1
Rename d Duke

d "Good man, Reginald. Keep this up, and you'll earn that knighthood any day now."

"The Duke of Hart barges his way into the room, flanked by two tough-looking guards, each armed with a crossbow. My blood curdles."

Slidein m 7 -1

"Mary steps in front of me, and rises to her full height, her hands clenched into fists, her eyes full of fire and brimstone."

m "And just what the hell do you think you're doing?"

d "Why, reclaiming my property, of course. As is my god-given right."

d "Don't make too much of a fuss about it. This is my land, after all. I was bound to find her eventually."

(The scene should play out like this:)
(If daffodil has been given: if daffodil -> after daffodil -> if daffodil 2 -> after daffodil 2)
(If daffodil has not been given: after daffodil -> if no daffodil -> after daffodil 2)
Block if daffodil

"He reaches into his pocket, and pulls out a daffodil, staring at it with some tenderness."

d "That girl, Adrianne. She was quite the talker, once I put her under the knife."

d "Not that it did her any good."

m "You're sick."

Block after daffodil1

m "Get out of here now, if you want to keep your life!"

Block if daffodil 2
"The Duke sighs, carefully tucking the daffodil back into his pocket."

Block if no daffodil
"The Duke sighs."

Block after daffodil 2

d "Can we do this like adults, please? Without the namecalling and stupid threats."

d "Your threats aren't going to work. I've taught my men a lesson or two about fearing anyone other than me."

"I notice whip scars and bruises across the men's arms and faces. I shiver."

Exp d 1

d "Hand over my Hazel, or I will order my man Reginald here—"

"He claps Reginald on the shoulder, who looks uncomfortable with the attention."

d "—to shoot an arrow right through your head. Your death will be painful, and ugly, and then I'll take her anyway. It's your choice."

m "Hazel isn't {i}yours{/i}. She never was."

Exp d 0

d "You just aren't getting it, are you?"

d "I am the {i}Duke{/i} of this province!"

d "I own the floorboards you're standing on, and the ground beneath it. I own this house, and I own this forest, and I own Hazel!"

d "She is, in fact, one of my most treasured possessions, and I just cannot stand the thought of anyone else {i}touching{/i} her."

"Mary bristles at his words, and the Duke's features light up in sadistic glee."

Exp d 1

d "Oh, yes. I've heard of you before. The way you take in poor, broken young girls, then leave them homeless when they reject your advances."

d "Several of my current maids came to {i}me{/i} because they had nowhere left to go after you abandoned them."

"He nods towards me, and I shrink back behind Mary."

d "Does she know? Have you tried to touch her already? Oh, look at her eyes. Of course she knows!"

d "And have you apologised yet? Have you begged her to give you another chance? To never leave you behind?"

Exp d 0

d "At least {i}I{/i} am honest in my intentions.

Exp m 6

"When Mary finally speaks, her voice is cold and quiet."

m "Shut up."

"She turns back to face me."

m "It—it's not true, I—"

"But she sees something in my eyes. Some hint of doubt, or fear."

"Her expression barely shifts, but I see tears budding in her eyes before she wipes them away and turns back around to face the Duke."

"She closes her eyes, takes a deep long breath, and for a moment she is the picture of calm."

"Then her eyes snap open, and her fists unfurl, her fingers curved like claws."

"She leans forwards, crouching almost like a tiger before its prey."

"When she speaks, her voice betrays no emotion."

m "{i}This is your last chance.{/i}"

m "Leave now, or I will tear you limb from limb."

d "Reginald. Ready your bow."

m2 "Yes, sir."

Exp m 7

m "Hazel! Close your eyes!"

Fade 1.0
Hide m
Hide d
(BG: Black Screen)
(no music:)
(sfx here:)
Unfade 1.0

"I screw my eyes shut tight, and the world goes dark. I hear the twang of an arrow being loosed, and the dull thud of it hitting the wall."

"I hear running, and growling, and then screaming, deep and guttural."

"I only open my eyes again once the room is silent."

(BG: Witch's House Day)
(music - peaceful?)

"I find the room completely empty, and completely still. Behind me, the workroom door creaks open and Mary pokes her head out."

Slidein m 0 -1

m "Are you okay?"

Slidein h 0 1

h "Y—yes."

m "Great."

(CHOICE:)
(1. "What happened?")
(2. "Are you okay?")

Block choice 1-1
h "What happened?"

m "I dealt with them."

h "But—"

m "You don't really want to know any more than that, do you?

Block choice 1-2
h "Are you okay? Did they hurt you?"

Exp m 6

m "Hazel..."

m "You've known me for a while now."

m "Don't ask stupid questions."

Exp m 0

Block after choice 1

m "You should get some sleep. We'll talk in the morning."

h "But... it's only noon..."

Exp m 6

m "I'll be busy for some time."

Slideout m -1

(sfx here:)

"With that, she leaves the doorway, and slams the door shut behind her. I watch it bounce off its hinges, then settle, slightly ajar.{wc}As I'm standing there, I suddenly hear a loud noise. A horrible tearing noise, and then a loud crack."

"I inch closer to the door. I have to know."

"I press my eye up against the opening, and I see it."

(Next 3 simultaneous:)
Exp h 3
Timeshow m 3 1.0
(tense music:)

(sfx here:)

"Mary, crouching over a pile of body parts."

"It's almost hard to believe that so much flesh, and so much blood, could come from just three bodies."


(sfx here:)

"She reaches down and, with delicate force, tears a chunk out of one of the corpses."

(sfx here:)

"She raises the chunk of meat to her lips and takes a bite, and, just as she swallows it, the look on her face... it's sheer bliss."

Timehide m 1.0

"She must have heard me gasp in shock, because her eyes dart to the door and she jumps to her feet."

(sfx here:)


"I try to back away, but I only make it a few steps before the door crashes open and Mary steps out in front of me, knife still in her hand.""

(Next 2 simultaneous:)
Slidein m 7 -1
(music escalates:)

m "I knew it! I knew you were spying on me!"

"I back away further, my hands shaking."

Exp h 3

h "Y-you-"

"I can longer control myself. The words spill from my mouth, unbidden."

h "The Duke was right! You're a monster!"

(sfx here:)

"Mary lets out a scream of frustration, and I wince and cover my ears.{wc}She grips the doorframe so tightly that she tears through the wood like it was butter."

m "You have no idea—I have been {i}so{/i} hungry, for so long now! I've been starving myself all week, just for you!"

Exp h 1

h "Why? So you could build up an appetite? Am I next on your plate?"

Exp m 6

m "No."

m "It was because I wanted to be someone you could love. I was trying to change."

m "I—I just lost control for a second, that's all."

Exp h 3

"I shrink back further, and I see panic creep across her features."

m "Please! You have to understand—everything the Duke said—it was all lies!"

m "Well, there have been other girls, yes, before you, but they were the ones who left me. I've never hurt anyone, I swear!"

"My neck twinges with dull pain. My hands find the front door behind me, and I grip the doorknob tight."

m "Hazel, please. I still love you. Won't you give me one more chance?"

"She holds out one hand towards me, in a gesture of reconciliation. Looking at her delicate fingers, her carefully trimmed nails, it's hard to think of her as a monster.{wc}"Then I remember the feeling of those nails digging into my back."

"I pull the door open, and turn around."

m "Hazel! Was everything we've done together meaningless? Was it all really worth nothing to you?"

"I turn back, and stare into her eyes, full of genuine sorrow. Tears stream down her cheeks."

m "Hazel, please. I can change."

m "Just {i}take my hand{/i}."

(CHOICE:)
(1. Leave.)
(Go to Ending A)

(2. Take her hand.)
(Go to Ending B)

(3. Ask about the potion.)
(Go to Ending C)

(After each choice, hide mary and hazel)

block ending a
block ending b
block ending c
