Block dialogue
(BG: Day 6)
Unfade 1.0
(Pause 3.0)
(BG: Witch's House Day)
Timeshow h 0 1.0
(music here:)
"Come morning, I am awoken by the sound of knocking, and by a familiar voice."
m "Hazel... can you open the door?"
"I get out of bed, unlatch the door, and open it."
Timeshow m 5 1.0
m "Why did you lock the door? You never used to do that."
h "Your eye..."
m "Oh, this?"
"She taps the bandage a few times, like the thought of it worrying me had never even crossed her mind."
m "I just had a bit of a nasty fall, that's all. It'll be healed up in a few days, I'm sure."
h "Are you sure? It looks bad."
m "I told you, it's fine. More importantly..."
m "I need something from you."
h "What is it?"
m "I need your blood."
"I laugh, and I expect her to laugh along with me. She doesn't. The look in her eyes is serious - no, more than that."
"I only now realise just how disturbed she looks. Her only unharmed eye has gone wide, its puil a tiny black dot in a sea of white.{wc}Her arms are shaking slightly, her hands curling and uncurling. Her eye keeps darting around the room.{wc}She looks nothing like she did yesterday.
h "What's wrong?"
m "No, no, no. I told you, nothing's wrong!"
(sfx here:)
"She slams her fist into the wall, and the wood buckles from the impact."
m "Hazel. If you love me, you'll do this for me."
h "O-okay."
m "Great."
"She opens her mouth wide to smile, and for the first time, I see how much she is salivating."
Slideout h 1
"She grabs me by the shoulder and drags me over to the bed, throwing me against it.{wc}I whimper in pain as my body hits the mattress, but I don't dare move."
Slideout m -1
"So I lie there, completely still, as she crawls up onto the bed, kneeling over me."
"She leans forwards until her face is only a few inches from mine, her arms and legs against the bed, standing all fours like some savage beast.{wc}She opens her mouth wide, revealing an impossibly sharp pair of canines, and I brace myself. Then she stops."
"Mary closes her mouth, and smiles at me."
Slidein m 0 -1
M: Sorry. This will hurt a bit. Just bear with it, okay?
Hide m
(CG: Hazel getting eaten)
(sfx here:)
(maybe having some different music for this bit would be nice:)
"Then she leans forward and bites my neck."
"The pain is unimaginable, like a red-hot brand being driven into my shoulder.
"Worse is the feeling of my blood leaving my body, like my insides are spilling out."
"But the worst are the sounds. Mary snarling, growling, my screams filling the room from wall to wall."
"And the loudest, a hideous slurping, gulping sound."
"I watch in disbelief as her body thrashes, and her skin almost starts to glow, its colour slowly returning.{wc}I see small hairline cracks across her body, ones that I had never noticed before, binding before my eyes."
"Her hands find mine and our fingers lock together.{wc}She presses me down against the bed, and I can feel myself being almost crushed under her weight."
"My vision is blurring. Sound is receding from the world. My breath is coming up short. And then..."
"Then, Mary lets go of me. The pain fades somewhat."
(Hide CG)
(no music:)
She sits up, and wipes my blood from her mouth with one hand.
Show m 3
m "Thanks, honey. You have no idea how much I needed that."
Slideout m 1
"Then she clambers off the bed, and leaves me there, my arms and chest sore, my clothes a mess, my shoulder still slowly bleeding."
"As quietly as I can, I start to cry."
"..."
(peaceful music:)
"Some time passes, and Mary returns. She applies a poultice to the wound on my shoulder, and bandages it up.{wc}She apologises profusely the entire time. I barely hear her words."
"I only find the strength to leave my bed hours later, as noon approaches.{wc}When I step out into the hall, I find it empty.{wc}The door to the workroom is closed, and, from the sound of it, Mary is in there now, working away."
(BG: Forest)
"Suddenly struck by the desire to be anywhere but here, I find myself wandering out of the house and down that familiar dirt road.{wc}My legs almost move on their own.{wc}As I near the edge of the forest, I notice something in the distance, faintly visible between the trees."
"As I get closer, I make out what remains of a house, burned almost to the ground.{wc}Support beams stick out of the dirt like the ribcage of some great beast, charred as black as coal.{wc}I walk towards it, overcome by curiosity, but as I near the ruin, I suddenly hear a voice."
Slidein p 0 -1
p "Are you lost, dear?"
"An unfamiliar man in priestly garb is standing to my right. From his tranquil posture, he looks to have been standing there for a while."
Slidein h 0 1
h "No. I'm fine."
"He is clearly unconvinced."
P: "Are you alright, child? You look shaken."
Exp h 1
h "I said, I'm {i}fine{/i}. And I'm not a child."
p "I apologise. I did not mean to demean you."
p "It is simply that, before the majesty of God, we are all children, each and every one of us."
p "Here, I have something for you."
(Show item portrait: Lavender)
"He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a sprig of lavender, pressing it into my palm."
p "The smell should calm your nerves. And it does wonders when mixed into a tea."
Exp h 0
"I lift the lavender to my nose and inhale. It helps to distract me, at least."
(Hide item portrait)
(Add lavender to inventory)
h "Thanks."
h "What are you doing out here?"
p "I could ask the same of you."
h "I- I don't really know. There's just something about this house..."
p "Yes, this place was once home to a grievous tragedy."
p "I try to visit at least once a year to pay my respects."
h "What tragedy?"
Exp p 1
p "The fear of witchcraft is an all-too-common malady in recent times."
p "Even a decade ago, fear had these people in an iron grip."
p "Two women used to live here, kind souls both of them. They were happy to provide food and shelter for travellers who needed it."
p "I found myself enjoying their hospitality on several occasions."
p "Of the two women, one of them... Eleanor, I think she was called."
p "She worked in the nearby village, at her family's tailor shop."
p "The other woman worked as a doctor, producing and developing cures and remedies."
p "I suppose that was the problem."
p "Eleanor told me once that her father could never get out of his mind the thought that she was being stolen away, every time she left the village."
p "I heard several that even though the other woman was quite the talented doctor, many of the villagers didn't trust her skills."
p "The idea that someone other than God could have such power over life and death, over {i}their{/i} life and death..., to them, it was terrifying."
p "Hatred requires but a small seed to bloom."
"I look back at the house and shiver. What happened here? And why does it sound so familiar?"
(Next 2 simultaneous:)
Timehide h 1.0
Timehide p 1.0
