Block dialogue
Rename a ???
(BG: Day 3)
Unfade 1.0
Pause 3.0
(BG: Witch's House Day)
Show h 1
"When I wake, the sun is already high in the sky. When I finally gather the energy to leave my bedroom, I find the house completely empty."
"A note has been left on the table - written in careful, elegant handwriting.
Note "{i}Sorry, but I'll be gone for most of the day. I've left some bread and cheese out on the table if you get hungry.{/i}"
Note "{i}I'll be back by the evening. - M{/i}"
(BG: Forest)
"I decide to take the opportunity to explore some of the area around Mary's house."
"The house is surrounded by a thick forest, and seems to be hidden far from civilisation."
"Despite that, it doesn't take long until I find a coarse dirt road, snaking through the trees."
"I pick a direction on a whim, and start to walk."
"After a while, I spot chimney smoke curling above the treetops, and soon after that I come to the edge of the forest."
"Vast fields of yellow wheat stretch out before me, the road cutting right through them.{wc}And, along that road is the village, dozens of houses clustered around a large open town square.{wc}I continue on, passing by several farmers working away at the fields, until I reach it."

(BG: Village)
(music here:)
(sfx here:)

Slidein c 0 -1
c "I'm telling you, danger has afflicted this region! A perverse wickedness that hides its fangs and claws!"
c "A wickedness that whispers sweet promises in your ear! That threatens to tarnish this kingdom's very soul!"
"A man stands at the edge of the town square, a lion coat-of-arms emblazoned on his armour, holding up a poster and occasionally gesturing to it."
"A small crowd has gathered around him and is listening intently."
c "Yes, this corruption's name is witchcraft!"
c "Beware its sinful appeal, beware those who practice it, those who would see the natural order overtaken!"
"I step closer to get a proper look at the poster in his hand, and freeze."
Exp h 3
"The drawing on it is sketchy, but it's clearly a depiction of Mary. I shudder and turn away."
c "The venerable and magnanimous Duke of Hart is offering a reward of up to thirty silvers for this individual!"
c "Any individual who can provide information leading to their capture will earn this prize. Yes, I repeat, up to thirty silvers!"
Slideout c -1
Exp h 0
"I tune him out."
"Various stalls have been set up throughout the square. I meander over to one selling pies, my stomach rumbling."
Slidein v 0 -1
v "What'll it be, dearie?"
h "One of the small ones, please."
v "Here you go."
"I take the offered pie and take an eager bite out of it, savouring the sour meat filling. The lady attending the stall holds out on hand."
v "That'll be ten coppers, miss."
h "Oh, uh-"
"I suddenly realise I don't have a single coin to my name.{wc}Should I have tried to find some in Mary's room? But if I had, it would have felt like stealing."
v "Do you have something to barter, then?"
h "Um, I-"
Slideout v -1
Slidein a 0 -1
a "I'll pay for it! And one for me too, please."
"An unfamiliar girl barges past, grabs the lady's hand, and shakes it vigorously."
v "Are you sure?"
a "I've got the money, don't I?"
v "Go on, then."
"Money changes hands, and the two of us walk away from the stall, pies in hand."
h "Thank you. You didn't have to do that."
Exp a 1
a "I know."

Block daffodil
h "I don't even have any way to pay you back."
"That's when I realise - it's still in my pocket."
h "It's not much, but how about this?"
I pull out the daffodil stalk, careful not to crush it. The girl visibly lights up.
Exp a 0
a "Oh, thank you!"
"She holds the flower up to her nose, and breathes it in, then gives me a coy smile."
Exp a 1
a "This flower..."
a "Should I take it to mean something?"

(CHOICE:)
(1. "Um...")
(2. "What do you mean?")

Block choice 1-1
Exp h 2
h "I just..."
"The girl chuckles."
Exp a 0
a "It's alright, I'm only teasing. Let's find somewhere to eat."
Exp h 0

Block choice 1-2
h "What do you mean?"
"The girl looks disappointed."
a "You're no fun."
a "Come on, let's find somewhere to eat"

Block after choice 1
"We walk through the town for a while, looking for somewhere in the shade to sit and eat. Eventually, we find it, and sit down together."
(Remove daffodil from inventory)
(Set variable daffodil (or something))


Block no daffodil
"I almost expect her to run off again, but the strange girl follows me as I wander around, looking for somewhere in the shade to sit and eat.{wc}Eventually, I find it, and she sits down beside me."
Block after daffodil
h "What's your name?"
Rename a Adrianne
a "Adrianne."
h "That's a lovely name."
Exp a 1
She makes a sour face.
a "It's an awful name. It's so old-fashioned."
a "Makes me sound like I should be locked up in a glass case, slowly gathering dust."
a "What about you?"
h "Hazel."
a "Hazel, Hazel, Hazel..."
"She repeats my name a few times, as if trying out how it feels, then shrugs."
a "It'll do."
a "You're new around here, aren't you, Hazel?"
"She takes a large bite out of her pie."
h "I suppose."
Exp a 0
a "I thought so! I haven't seen you around before, and I know I'd remember your face."
h "You would?"
a "So what, are you looking for work? Because I might be able to find something for you, if you're interested."
h "... I moved in with a relative who lives here."
a "Ah, right, right. Are you going to be here long-term?"
h "Maybe."
h "That man in the town square... what was he talking about?"
Exp a 1
a "Why? Do you want to join the witch hunt?"
h "No, no! I was just wondering if you knew more about him."
a "One of the Duke's men, shouting about witchcraft as always."
a "The whole town's up in arms about it now"
a "'Course, we've known about the witch for ages, but we always thought she was harmless."
"Until the troubles began."
h "What troubles?"
a "There's been a blight on the crops this year, and billy, two doors down, got his leg taken off by a wild boar."
a "Nancy lost her baby to a miscarriage, and ol' Ted lost two of his goats to a wolf attack. That's just the start of it, though."
a "There's been so much bad luck in the air recently, people have been drowning in it."
h "What?"
a "I've seen it. People in good health, dying in their beds, choking to death on the very air. It's frightful."
h "Oh."
"A calm silence settles over us as we eat. As soon as she's done, Adrianne jumps up suddenly."
Exp a 0
a "It was nice to meet you, Hazel, but I do have to get going."
h "Oh, okay."
a "Will I see you again?"
h "Sure."
a "Great!"
Slideout a -1
"Adrianne runs off, leaving me to finish my pie in silence."
"Eventually, I finish eating, and stand, wiping crumbs off my clothes. I try to retrace my steps to the village's entrance.{wc}I must have gotten turned around at some point, because I take a wrong turn into an alley, and then another, and end up completely lost."
(sfx here:)
"I keep walking, but the further I walk, the more alien my surroundings seem.{wc}The alleyways get thinner, and slowly darker, as the light is more constrained. The buildings become wood, then stone."
"I leave behind the rows of clothing lines, and the alleyways instead become cold, emtpy places, no windows or doors looking down on them.{wc}The noise of the world drops away, leaving only a dense silence, the only sound my footsteps on the soft dirt."
"Then, I reach a dead end. The point where all the paths converge, a small ring of old-looking, worn-down stone houses."
"Standing at what must be the edge of the village, I am boxed in by stone walls, almost entirely deprived of sunlight."
"The oldest and largest of the houses stands before me."
"The house is two stories tall, and must at some point have been beautiful to behold, made of polished, luxuriously engraved oak.{wc}Now though, it is rotting.{wc}Even if I had a reason to, I would not dare step one foot into it, out of fear that the ceiling would collapse."
"I spot an old man in a wooden rocking chair, sitting outside the door of one of the house, staring into the middle distance.{wc}His skin is so withered, his eyes so sullen, his fingernails so gnarled, that he looks almost made of wood himself."
Slidein o 0 -1
o "You there!"
"His eyes suddenly blaze to life."
o "What are you doing here?"
h "Me?"
o "Yes, you!"
h "I was looking at..."

(CHOICE:)
(1. "... this house.")
(2. "... the sky.")

Block choice 2-1
h "I was just... admiring this house. It's beautiful."
o "I {i}suppose{/i} that's fine.
o "Was worried you were coming to steal from me..."

Block choice 2-2
h "I was just... looking at the sky."
o "The sky? Are you daft, girl?"
o "There a thousand better places to see the sky..."

Block after choice 2
"He mumbles a few more words as he settles back into his chair, but they don't reach my ears."
h "Do you know why no-one lives in this house any more?"
h "It's a shame to see it rotting away."
o "Eh?"
h "I said, do you-"
o "Well, why do you think!?"
o "Do you really think anyone would want to live in this walled-off prison?"
o "Me, I couldn't move. My family's been here, ten generations. This is our family home, and I wouldn't abandon it, come hell or high water."
o "But even then, if'n I didn't have my niece, making deliveries every so often, even I would'a moved."
o "Ain't nothing to be done about it, really. This part of town is long dead."
h "But someone must have lived here once, right? What happened?"
"A serious look suddenly settles over the old man's face."
o "Are you sure you want to hear the story? Because if I'm starting, I ain't stopping 'till it's done."
o "It's an important story, and I don't get many chances to tell it these days."
h "Go on."
o "Aye, this story is old, almost as old as I am. It happened in my youth, back when this area still breathed."
"A strange expression comes over him, a look of distant reverence, as if he's staring at a painting I can't quite see."
(music - i think having a different track for the story could be nice:)
o "See, this village seems young, but its bones are old."
o "There've been houses on these hills for centuries, getting built, getting abandoned, rotting away."
o "Their timber sinks beneath the dirt and becomes foundation for the next. 'S why we've got such good ground for building on."
o "Once, when the main road was long, and winding, the heart of the village was here, and everything flowed through this point."
o "'Course, that couldn't last forever. Eventually, the road moved, and people built away, and this place became lost, and forgotten."
o "I remember hearing of some town, far down the road, being destroyed in the war."
o "I heard that over time, that changed the very shape of the road, and that changed where people built."
o "But, you know, I never really believed that. The people changed 'afore the road did."
o "That house you see there was built for a strange couple."
o "Pale as ghosts, barely ever talked, but the money flowing outta' their pockets seemed to have no end."
o "People said that they were half-royal, but no-one could ever agree on which half."
o "And their son..."
"He shuddered."
o "It was like you could see the devil in his eyes."
o "You would swear could see him communing with devils, staring off into space at nothing at all for minutes or hours at a time, or when he talked to his dolls."
o "There was one he always dragged around with him, everywhere he went."
o "It was a creepy little thing, too, with its empty little smile, covered in cracks and fractures from being dragged across the cobbles."
o "One day I found one of the thing's black glass eyes in my morning porridge."
He shudders.
o "I don't even want to imagine how it got there."
o "One day, I heard a strange noise in the middle of the night, and I looked out the window."
o "I saw that boy, wandering aimlessly through the village, wailing. "{i}I killed them, I killed them...{/i}"."
o "He was holding a bloody knife in his hands."
o "That was the last anyone saw of the parents, too. They must be buried, out there, somewhere in the fields."
h "What happened to the boy?"
o "See, that's where things get messy. Nobody wanted to hang the kid, and nobody could bring themselves to let him starve, either."
o "Nobody wanted to take him in, though. He must have gone through a dozen or more foster parents."
o "And because he never stopped being trouble, I always saw him battered and bruised."
o "I began to feel sorry for 'im, in all honesty. You can hardly blame a child for succumbing to devilment, can you?"
o "There were a few more deaths too, always in suspicious circumstances, but never suspicious enough that the boy could take the blame."
o "I suppose he'd gotten cleverer by then, because the town almost tore itself apart trying to find the killer."
o "And then, one day, the boy was gone."
o "He left a note behind, saying that he'd gone to study in the city."
o ""{i}I've gone to change my fortune{/i}", he said. And that was the last I ever saw of him."
o "You can tell, can't you? There's no windows looking down on these back streets."
o "Even the houses have turned their back on this place, on its curse, on the blood that was spilled here."
o "Of course no-one wanted to build here after that."
o "But these are good fields, and good farming, so people just moved a bit down the road and called that "{i}good enough{/i}"."
o "So? What did you think of my story?"
h "Is it true?"
(music - if you do use a different track for the story, it should end here:)
"The old man laughs, settling back in his chair."
o "Aye, it's as true as I remember it."
o "'Course, it's hard to say how much that means these days..."
Slideout o -1
"His voice drifts off as his eyelids flicker, and he soon starts to snore.{wc}On my own again, and unsure what to think, I quickly pace back the way I came.{wc}Thankfully, it isn't long before I find myself in the village square, and from there I just follow the road."
(BG: Witch's House Day)
"It takes a few tries, but I eventually retrace my path through the forest, and find myself outside of Mary's hut again.{wc}However, when I push open the front door, I see her, sitting at the table."
Slidein m 6 -1
m "Hazel? Where were you?"
h "Oh, I was just looking at the garden."
h "It's really pretty! You've got some beautiful flowers growing in it."
Exp m 0
m "It is, isn't it? I can show you around in more detail if you'd like."
h "Maybe another time. I'm pretty tired."
Slideout m -1
"Mary smiles at me, and I return to my room, shaking slightly."
"That night, I have fitful dreams of fire, and gallows, and bloody hands."
Timehide h 1.0
Fade 2.0
