Block dialogue
(BG: Day 2)
Unfade 1.0
Pause 3.0
(BG: Forest)
(music here:)
Show h 0
"Not long after I woke up, Mary dragged me out on a walk through the forest, saying she needed "help gathering ingredients"."
"My leg still feels weak, but beneath the shining sun, between the rustling trees...
"The events of last night are starting to feel like nothing more than a bad dream."
Show m 0
m "Not much further now!"
"A fly buzzes past my face and I flinch reflexively. It drifts lazily onto Mary's shoulder, where it perches. She pays it no mind."
m "Sometimes traders do stop by the village, but I get most of my potion ingredients from this forest."
m "Nature is amazing, isn’t it?"
Exp m 6
m "That being said, this area is home to more than a dozen lethally poisonous species of mushroom."
M "Don't touch anything suspicious without checking with me first. Got it?"
h "Yes, Ma’am."
Exp m 0
m "I thought I told you to stop with that."
m "Ah, here we are!"
"She steps forwards into a clearing, and I follow a step behind. "
Patchwork beams of sunlight shine down, filtered through a thick layer of trees. The grass is bright, and soft.
"Birds flutter overhead, hopping between branches."
"A small brook snakes around the edge of the clearing, bubbling with clear, fresh water."
h "It's beautiful."
Exp m 6
m "I'm glad to see you appreciate it. I... I wanted to apologise. For yesterday."
m "I have a unique skin condition that can affect me very suddenly. I've been told that I look quite monstrous when it flares up."
m "I didn't want you to think less of me, so I tried to hide myself from you."
m "But, as you can see, I'm alright now! It's a very temporary thing."
"I do look at her, properly. Her skin is clear and healthy, her eyes full of life."
"If anything, she looks much healthier than she did yesterday."
m "Anyway, none of that really matters. I shouldn't have shouted at you. I'm sorry."
"I let myself collapse onto the grass, succumbing to the exhaustion in my legs, and look up at Mary."
h "It's alright. I forgive you."
m "You do? Really?"
h "It's like you said, right?"
h ""You don't have to be scared of being yourself around me.""
h "It's not fair if I'm the only one who gets a free pass. I'm sure you have your own struggles."
Exp m 1
m "Oh, {i}Hazel{/i}..."
"She kneels down beside me and suddenly wraps me in an embrace. I freeze at first, then settle into her touch."
h "Don't do it again, okay?"
m "I won't."
"She untangles herself from me, and stands up, clapping her hands together."
Exp m 0
m "Now!"
"She pulls a small pair of scissors and a pair of cloth gloves from her bag."
m "Let's get to work, shall we?"
(Next 2 simultaneous:)
Hide h 1.0
Hide m 1.0
