
Block dialogue

Show h 0
Show m 0

(BG: Witch's House Day)
(music: calm/hopeful)

"I take her hand, and feel her fingers grip mine with reassuring strength."

h "I forgive you."

Mary pulls me into an embrace, tears streaming down her face.

Exp m 1

m "Oh, thank you! You have no idea how much this means to me."

h "It's alright."

h "I never hated you. I was just so scared."

m "Oh, Hazel. I love you so much."

Exp h 2

h "I—I love you too."

"She squeals in joy, and clutches me tighter, so tight that it hurts for a moment. I let out a yelp of pain, and she lets go."

Exp m 6

m "Oh, I'm sorry. I need to be more careful with my strength."

Exp h 0

h "Don't worry. I'm fine."

Exp m 0

m "So... I should prepare lunch. How does meat sound?"

h "Um..."

"My eyes drift over to the workroom door, and Mary laughs uproariously."

m "Oh, don't be silly!"

m "I have some lamb left in the pantry. I'll go get it now."

h "That sounds great."

m "Wonderful!"

"She smiles at me, and in that moment, the whole world seems to shine."

"I..."

Fade 2.0

Hide h
Hide m

Block dialogue2
(BG: Several Months Later)
Unfade 1.0
Pause 3.0
(BG: Black Screen)
(music: idk, you figure it out)

"My small world is, for now, blissfully dark and silent. The cold stone floor numbs my skin, but its touch is familiar and comforting.[wc}Then, I hear the door creak open above me, and footsteps echo down the rough stone stairs."

Slidein m 6 -1

m "How are you doing, honey?"

"I let out a low, dull whine, but Mary just chuckles."

Exp m 0

m "That doesn't tell me anything!"

"My mouth tries to form the words, but my lips just flap uselessly."

m "Come on, you should really be used to it by now."

m "I'll keep teasing you until you get it through your head."

Hide m
(CG: Mary kneeling smugly over a pitiful-looking Hazel in the dark, both of them illuminated by the light from a single candle)

m "You're never going to get to speak back to me again."

"She pushes my lips aside and reaches one finger into my mouth. It brushes against the useless stump where my tongue used to be."

m "Good, the cut's healing nicely."

"I whine pitifully, but Mary just looks down at me with scorn."

m "Come on, you shouldn't be so upset. It's not like you ever used that tongue for anything meaningful."

m "This is what comes to those who speak only to pass judgement."

m "Although, I have trained as a surgeon. So..."

"She leans forwards and whispers into my ear."

m "Once I'm sure you've learned your lesson, I might just let you have it back. Won't that be nice?"

"I recoil from her, retreating back into the darkness, but she just follows me with her candle, its light burning my weakened eyes."

m "Oh, are you hungry? Is that why you're so upset?"

(sfx here:)

"I try to back away further, but the chain wrapped around my legs catches against the wall."

(CG: Mary embraces Hazel)

"Mary sighs, and moves closer. One of her arms wraps around me, and the other brushes through my hair, trimmed down to almost nothing."

m "I know, I know. It's sad, that I have to chain you up like this."

m "But we both know the reason why, don't we? Every time I give you space to roam, you try to run away from me. When will you learn your lesson?"

"I whine, and try to push her away. Mary looks down at me with a deep pity."

m "Look, I don't hate you. I want you to be happy."

m "If you keep playing along, and doing everything I say, for just a few more days, I'll let you up into the garden next time."

m "You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

h "..."

m "Good girl."

(sfx here:)

"Her arms coil around my body like a python, squeezing me like a vise. I am breathless until she relents, and I gasp for air."

"I try to pull away from her grip, but she just holds on tighter, and I go limp."

"I stare up into her eyes, so full of desperate affection, as she leans in closer."

(BG: Black Screen)

m "{i}I love you.{/i}"

(-END-)
