Block dialogue
Rename m ???
(BG: Prologue)
pause 3.0
(BG: Forest)
(Music here:)
"My hands clutch the grass. Early morning dew slides between my fingers as I curl up against the dirt, my vision swimming.{wc}Birds wheel far overhead, calling in the morning sun, as my leg burns in agony."
"I can feel blood - thick, warm blood - dripping down my legs. I try to pull myself up, and my head almost splits in two.{wc}Gritting my teeth, I look down at my leg. The sight almost makes me faint on the spot."
"The arrow's shaft sticks out of my thigh, blood pouring from the wound, which has already started to fester. The skin around it is turning grey.{wc}I collapse backwards and stare up at the bright blue sky, my head swirling with half-formed thoughts and painful memories."

(BG: black screen)
(Music here:)
Slidein m1 0 -1
m1 "Hazel. Hazel!"
Show h 0
h "Yes, sir."
"I had been polishing the silverware in the dining room. It was almost evening, and my duty was to make sure that every last piece shone with a beauty that befitted the Duke of March.{wc}I had seen him many times, staring at his own face in the reflection of his spoon, tweaking his moustache or his hair."
m1 "Make sure you finish early today. The, ah, Master wants to see you tonight."
h "... Yes, sir."
Slideout m1 -1
"I continued to polish, almost oblivious to the world, when I overheard some gossip between two of the other maids."
Slidein f1 0 -1
f1 "Did you hear? There's a witch living in the nearby woods!"
f1 "A witch? Really?"
f1 "It's true. Last I went round to the village, they were all talking about her. Seems she's been up to some nasty business recently."
f1 "Well, I never. A witch, in our neck of the woods?"
f1 "They say that she gives you three impossible tasks - and if you fail even one, she curses you to live forever as a toad."
f1 "And what if you succeed?"
f1 "Well... and this is only a rumour, mind you, but they say she can grant you any wish your heart desires."
"... I suppose that's how this all started."
Slideout f1 -1
Timehide h 1.0

(BG: Forest)
(Music here:)
"I cough, and my whole body shudders. In the distance, I can hear the baying of hounds."
Slidein d 0 1
"Then, a rustling nearby, and a familiar silhouette appears in view. The man leans over me, flanked by two guards wielding crossbows."
d "Hazel, dear, what did I tell you? You'll never get away from me."
"I ignore him, trying to look past his head and at the bright blue sky. I can see sparrows, perched on the branches overhead, chirping restlessly."
d "Now, if you just agree to come back quietly, I won't have to kill you. I can call for a doctor back at the castle. You might never walk again, but you'll live. What do you say?"
h "{i}... Damn you.{/i}"
(sfx here:)
"The words are too much of an exertion, and I start to cough and sputter, my whole body shuddering in pain."
d "Now, that's no way to treat your master, is it?"
"I say nothing. I can almost feel my skin melting away, melding with the dirt, my bones sinking beneath it."
"Today is a good day to die."
d "You leave me no choice. Reginald?"
Slidein m2 0 -1
"One of the guards perks up, excitement clear on his face. Young, fresh-faced, decently muscled.{wc}I had fancied him once, when I first arrived at the castle. Now, that feels like a lifetime ago."
m2 "Yes, sir?"
d "Make it a clean shot through the neck, alright? I don't want her to suffer too much. She did me good service, after all."
(sfx here:)
"A branch snaps, somewhere in the distance, and he suddenly turns around."
d "Halt! Who goes there?"
m "Sir, I could ask the same of you. These are {i}my{/i} woods."
m2 "Sir."
d "I do apologise if we have intruded on your land. As you can see, I was hunting an escaped servant with my men. Now that we've caught her, we'll be on our way."
m "An escaped servant? Not a prisoner? What right do you have to take her life?"
m2 "Sir!"
d "Not now, boy."
d "As to you, who exactly do you think you are? This may be your land, but I am Duke of this province. Why should I have to-"
m2 "SIR!"
d "What?"
m2 "That's- that's the {i}witch{/i}!"
Slideout d 1
Slideout m2 -1
(sfx here:)
"I can faintly hear screams, and running, but I pay it little mind. My vision starts to blur and my ears start to ring as the world fades away around me.{wc}I wonder idly if I will be reborn as a sparrow. Perhaps a worm would be more befitting of my station."
"Then, a silhouette, an unfamiliar one, leans down before me."
(Mary is at centre here:)
Show m 0
m "Oh, you poor, poor thing."
(BG: Black Screen)
"The last thing I hear as the world fades away is her voice."
m "Don't worry. You're safe now."
m "I won't let anyone hurt you again."
Fade 2.0
